Docstrings or documentation strings are valuable pieces of
documentation that explain the functionality of any function or module in your code.
Ideally, all of your functions should have docstrings.
Here's a function for population density.
A docstring is always surrounded by triple quotes.
If you feel that this one line of
documentation is sufficient for you to end the docstring at this point,
single line docstrings are perfectly acceptable.
If however, you think that the function is
complicated enough to warrant a longer description,
you can add a more thorough paragraph after the one line summary.
The next element of a docstring is an explanation of the function's arguments.
Here, you list the arguments,
state their purpose, and state what types the arguments should be.
Finally, it's common to provide some description of the output of the function.
Every piece of the docstring is optional.
However, docstrings are part of good coding practice.
They assist you and future users of your code in understanding the code you produce.
You can read a more thorough explanation of docstring conventions in the link below.